Implement syncrhrony metrics (#1951)
SpikeInterface/spikeinterface: doc/modules/qualitymetrics/synchrony.rst

Synchrony Metrics (:code:`synchrony`)
=====================================

Calculation
-----------
This function is providing a metric for the presence of synchronous spiking events across multiple spike trains.

The complexity is used to characterize synchronous events within the same spike train and across different spike
trains. This way synchronous events can be found both in multi-unit and single-unit spike trains.
Complexity is calculated by counting the number of spikes (i.e. non-empty bins) that occur at the same sample index,
within and across spike trains.

> Synchrony metrics can be computed for different syncrony sizes (>1), defining the number of simultanous spikes to count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Synchrony metrics can be computed for different synchrony sizes (>1), defining the number of simultaneous spikes to count.
```

Author: thanks!

Expectation and use
-------------------

> A larger value indicates a higher synchrony of the respective spike train with the other spike trains.
> Higher values, especially for high sizes, indicate a higher probability of noisy spikes in spike trains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A larger value indicates a higher synchrony of the respective spike train with the other spike trains.
Larger values, especially for larger sizes, indicate a higher probability of noisy spikes in spike trains.
```
High size wouldn't really be used here. So just to make them all agree I would probably switch the values and size to larger. Higher synchrony and higher probability work fine idiomatically.
